DOC: add feature docs for TCP health probe (#40)
arcus-azure/arcus.messaging: docs/index.md

# Features

> - [TCP health probe](features/tcp-health-probe) allow the runtime to periodically check liveness/readiness of the host.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
- Support for exposing TCP health probes to periodically check liveness/readiness of the host ([docs](features/tcp-health-probe))
```

Author: Ah, yes; was thinking about the approach used in the other repo's.
